CASMNET-2127 | qlogic driver crash known issue doc (#3822)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: troubleshooting/known_issues/qlogic_driver_crash.md

# Qlogic driver crash

## Description

> In some failover/maintenance scenarios users may experience Qlogic driver crash on the storage nodes. This issue is usually tied to network event's such as an reboot of a switch in the VSX pair but can happen with out user intervention as well albeit rarely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some failover/maintenance scenarios users may experience Qlogic driver crash on the storage nodes. This issue is usually tied to network events, such as a reboot of a switch in the VSX pair, but can also occur without user intervention in rare events.
```

Issue seems to be aggravated by incorrect configuration for storage node back-channel links and per internal testing correcting the configuration on switch greatly reduces the risk of running into this issue.

> The configuration is fixed in Canu versions 2.3 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is fixed in CANU versions 2.3 and above.
```
CANU is all uppercase throughout the rest of the documentation.

Signature of the driver crash:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```text
```

[72201.574360] FS:  00007f4a2dc1ab80(0000) GS:ffff9cc33f100000(0000) knlGS:0000000000000000
[72201.583370] CS:  0010 DS: 0000 ES: 0000 CR0: 0000000080050033
[72201.590023] CR2: 0000000000004354 CR3: 000000120fabc000 CR4: 0000000000350ee0
[72201.598073] Call Trace:
[72201.601409]  <TASK>
[72201.604393]  qede_get_link_ksettings+0x75/0x120 [qede ec51249dd817fa184d2346562f8d1f5661029c7c]
[72201.614025]  ? duplex_show+0x8b/0xe0
[72201.618497]  duplex_show+0x8b/0xe0
[72201.622793]  dev_attr_show+0x18/0x50
[72201.627267]  sysfs_kf_seq_show+0x9b/0x110
[72201.632177]  seq_read_iter+0xd9/0x440
[72201.636735]  new_sync_read+0x11c/0x1b0
[72201.641382]  vfs_read+0x16f/0x190
[72201.645591]  ksys_read+0xa5/0xe0
[72201.649713]  do_syscall_64+0x5b/0x80
[72201.654186]  ? vfs_read+0x16f/0x190
[72201.658569]  ? exit_to_user_mode_prepare+0xbb/0x230
[72201.664350]  ? syscall_exit_to_user_mode+0x18/0x40
[72201.670044]  ? do_syscall_64+0x67/0x80
[72201.674690]  ? do_syscall_64+0x67/0x80
[72201.679335]  ? do_syscall_64+0x67/0x80
[72201.683978]  ? exit_to_user_mode_prepare+0x1dc/0x230
[72201.689845]  entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe+0x61/0xcb
[72201.695800] RIP: 0033:0x7f4a2d503a3e 
```

## Workaround

> Upgrade Canu to 2.3 or above, regenerate the configuration and apply it the VSX-pair that hosts the storage nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade CANU to version 2.3 or above, regenerate the configuration, and then apply it the VSX-pair that hosts the storage nodes.
```

Or manually correct the configuration.

> In this example of the problem you can see that the lags 10,12,14 which are the lags for the storage back channel communication have applied configuration of "vlan trunk native 1". Which is wrong.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example of the problem you can see that the lags 10,12,14 which are the lags for the storage back channel communication have applied configuration of `vlan trunk native 1`. Which is wrong.
```

> In this example of the problem you can see that the lags 10,12,14 which are the lags for the storage back channel communication have applied configuration of "vlan trunk native 1". Which is wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, lags 10, 12, and 14, which are the lags for the storage back channel communication, have a configuration of "vlan trunk native 1". This is incorrect.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```text
```

interface lag 10 multi-chassis
    description ncn-s001:ocp:2<==sw-spine-001
    no shutdown
    no routing
    vlan trunk native 1
    vlan trunk allowed 10
    lacp mode active
    lacp fallback
    spanning-tree port-type admin-edge
interface lag 12 multi-chassis
    description ncn-s002:ocp:2<==sw-spine-001
    no shutdown
    no routing
    vlan trunk native 1
    vlan trunk allowed 10
    lacp mode active
    lacp fallback
    spanning-tree port-type admin-edge
interface lag 14 multi-chassis
    description ncn-s003:ocp:2<==sw-spine-001
    no shutdown
    no routing
    vlan trunk native 1
    vlan trunk allowed 10
    lacp mode active
    lacp fallback
    spanning-tree port-type admin-edge
```

> Too correct the issue, please login to both the VSX pair switches and correct the configuration of these lags to use "vlan trunk native 10":

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Too correct the issue, please login to both the VSX pair switches and correct the configuration of these lags to use `vlan trunk native 10`:
```

> Too correct the issue, please login to both the VSX pair switches and correct the configuration of these lags to use "vlan trunk native 10":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correct the issue, log in to both the VSX pair switches and correct the configuration of these lags to use "vlan trunk native 10":
```

> Too correct the issue, please login to both the VSX pair switches and correct the configuration of these lags to use `vlan trunk native 10`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correct the issue, log in to both the VSX pair switches and correct the configuration of these lags to use `vlan trunk native 10`:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```text
```

interface lag 10 multi-chassis
    description ncn-s001:ocp:2<==sw-spine-001
    no shutdown
    no routing
    vlan trunk native 10
    vlan trunk allowed 10
    lacp mode active
    lacp fallback
    spanning-tree port-type admin-edge
interface lag 12 multi-chassis
    description ncn-s002:ocp:2<==sw-spine-001
    no shutdown
    no routing
    vlan trunk native 10
    vlan trunk allowed 10
    lacp mode active
    lacp fallback
    spanning-tree port-type admin-edge
interface lag 14 multi-chassis
    description ncn-s003:ocp:2<==sw-spine-001
    no shutdown
    no routing
    vlan trunk native 10
    vlan trunk allowed 10
    lacp mode active
    lacp fallback
    spanning-tree port-type admin-edge
```

## Fix

> Working with vendor to fix qlogic driver code, once fix is released we will add the new qlogic driver to our firmware pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vendor is working to fix the Qlogic driver code. Once a fix is released, the new Qlogic driver will be added to the firmware pack.
```
